changing subprocess to module (#2504)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Added the `--docker-image` argument to the **lint** command, which allows determining the docker image to run lint on. Possible options are: `'native:ga'`, `'native:maintenance'`, `'native:dev'`, `'all'`, a specific docker image (from Docker Hub) or, the default `'from-yml'`.
* Fixed an issue in **prepare-content** command where large code lines were broken.

> * Removed usgae of pipenv from the **split** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed pipenv generation from the **split** command.
* Running `autopep8` and `isort` is now done using their python libraries, rather than system calls.
```

* Added a UUID to name mapper for **download** it replaces UUIDs with names on all downloaded files.
* Updated the demisto-py to v3.2.6 which now supports basic proxy authentication.
* Improved the message shown when using **upload** and overwriting packs.

> * Removed usgae of pipenv, isort and autopep9 from the **split** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change**: Removed usgae of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** command. Removed the `--no-pipenv` flag. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.
```

> * **Breaking change**: Removed usage of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** and **download** commands. Removed the `--no-pipenv` flag. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change**: Removed usage of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** and **download** commands. Removed the `--no-pipenv` flag from **split** and the `--no-code-formatting` from **download**. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.
```

* Added a UUID to name mapper for **download** it replaces UUIDs with names on all downloaded files.
* Updated the demisto-py to v3.2.6 which now supports basic proxy authentication.
* Improved the message shown when using **upload** and overwriting packs.
* **Breaking change**: Removed usgae of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** command. Removed the `--no-pipenv` flag. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.

> * **Breaking change**: Removed usgae of `code formatting` in the **download** command. Removed the `--no-code-formatting` flag. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.

Reviewer: `code formatting` == `autopep8`? if so, we can merge it with the previous note.
